Now let us see the implementation
This function here takes two parameters length of rod and
and the prize array which will have prices for rod
length from one to n first
let us declare an array of size n plus one
to store the sub problems
Result Then let us set zero in our elements of the array
using a for Loop
Now using a for loop let us iterate the
max profit array from one to n and start filling
the results of this subproblems inside this to check
various cases that arise while cutting
Let us use another loop from one to I in
each iteration of this loop we will assume that the
cut has been made at Jth position
We calculate the profit made by adding the price of
the rod with length J and a maximum profit that
can be obtained for the remaining length
That is the price of J minus one and the
max profit of I minus J
We have to update this to the max profit of
I only when it is higher than the previously found
profit for this use this if condition If the price of
J minus one plus max
Profit of I minus J is greater than Max
Profit of I update max array of I
Finally when both the loop exhaust we will have
the maximum profit that we can get for that rod
of length n in max profit of so return one.